---
layout: post
title:  "ARTS WEEK2"
date:   2018-07-01 11:41:06 +0800
categories: arts
tag: ARTS
---

### A

Lemonade Change: [https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-91/problems/lemonade-change/]()

In this question, I only one array to carry all the numbers that I get. My method make my answer have to have lots of loop to check the details of each number. However, as I only have 2 categories of numbers, I don’t even need array to catch the numbers, I only have to create two integers to tell me the numbers of each number I get. Thus, I updated my code as below:

```js
/**
 * @param {number[]} bills
 * @return {boolean}
 */
var lemonadeChange = function(bills) {
	let five = 0;
	let ten = 0;
	let i = 0;
	let flag = true;
	while(i<bills.length){
		if(bills[i] === 5){
			five ++
		}
		
		if(bills[i] === 10){
			five --;
			ten ++;
		}
		
		if(bills[i] === 20){
			if(ten>0){
				ten --;
				five --;
			}else{
				five = five-3;
			}
		}
		
		if(five < 0 || ten < 0){
			flag = false
		}
		i ++
	}
	
	return flag
};
```

### R

[https://medium.freecodecamp.org/the-right-way-to-test-react-components-548a4736ab22]()

This is my first week to learn test. And one problem for me is that I really don’t know which component is important enough to be tested. This article gives three rules to examine the component:

> Will the test have to duplicate exactly the application code? This will make it brittle.

> Will making assertions in the test duplicate any behavior that is already covered by (and the responsibility of) library code?

> From an outsider’s perspective, is this detail important, or is it only an internal concern? Can the effect of this internal detail be described using only the component’s public API?

**The third rule is still confusing to me that I am not very sure what is an internal concern. I will figure this out later.**

This also remind me of the Snapshot function of Jest. A very good part of Jest is that it can mock everything, thus, we can avoid to test the component that is teated in other place and the library code. And for some trivial details that are updated often, we now have no need to duplicate the codes over and over again, and can have an overall view of what changed using Snapshot. Although most of articles talk about how Snapshot is useful in test UI component, My friends and I discussed about it could also be used in back-end programming. 

### T

I make daily technical diary, and it is too long to paste here, thus this part will be skipped here.

### S

This week, I finally started to learn how to test a react app and met lots of problems, because I learned coding by myself. I think many self-learning programers are like me that we can write functions, write websites and make apps, but most of time we do not really understand the system behind our programming language. For example, till this week I realized that React is really fast because it uses virtual DOM and found out what it is. 

Actually to write a program is not hard at all, the most important thing is to truly find out why you choose to write with this language and why you use this logic rather than others. When you understand the whole system of one language, then it will be very easy to learn new one and you can finally master programming. 

One way for programmers, who do not have any basic computer science knowledge like me, to achieve this goal, I think is to search for every technic word that you meet but do not know and take a note for easily review (which I did this week).

And this is what I want to share this week.
